Notes on the NEFFA Application CSV format

The character set encoding is UTF8

Standard csv quoting is done, as implemented by PHP fputcsv.
Specfically, "simple" values are output directly.  "hard" cases,
containing whitespace, double quotes, etc, are enclosed in double
quotes, and double quote itself is doubled.

Note that newlines are allowed in values, such as description fields.
(they will be within double quoted strings), so a single row may
occupy multiple lines in the file, as is standard in CSV.  Newlines
may be represented by \n, \r\n (and maybe by just \r), depending on
what the broswer sends.  I've observed \r\n sent by chrome on linux.

To represent a list within a CSV cell, vertical bars (|) are used to
separate elements.  User input is filtered, changing vertical bars to
tildes (~), so downstream programs can parse by simply splitting on
vertical bars.

An associative array is used for the room_sound field and is stored
like this: stage_with=yes|single_mic=if_necessary These values are not
input by the user so there is not a quoting problem.  Downstream
programs should split on vertical bars, then split on equals sign.

The time availability is coded as an array of integers, separated by
vertical bars.  Each element has the form D0HHMM where D is for day
(1=Friday, 2=Saturday, 3=Sunday).  0 is a separator for readability,
and HHMM is the start time in 24 hour notation.

The first column is called app_id and is always an integer and will be
unique in the file.  The rest of the columns are in the order of the
questions.json file, and the header gives the column names according
to the "id" fields in questions.json. Downstream programs should be
aware that columns may be added, removed, or reordered if the
questions file is changed.


